Psalm 74 a contemplation of Asaph oh god
Psalm 74 a contemplation of Asaph oh god why have you cast us off forever
why have you cast us off forever
why have you cast us off forever why does your anger smoke against the
why does your anger smoke against the
why does your anger smoke against the sheep of your pasture remember your
sheep of your pasture remember your
sheep of your pasture remember your congregation which you have purchased a
congregation which you have purchased a
congregation which you have purchased a home the tribe of your inheritance which
home the tribe of your inheritance which
home the tribe of your inheritance which you have redeemed thus Mount Zion where
you have redeemed thus Mount Zion where
you have redeemed thus Mount Zion where you have dwelt lift up your feet to the
you have dwelt lift up your feet to the
you have dwelt lift up your feet to the perpetual desolations the enemy has
perpetual desolations the enemy has
perpetual desolations the enemy has damaged everything in the sanctuary your
damaged everything in the sanctuary your
damaged everything in the sanctuary your enemy's roar in the midst of your
enemy's roar in the midst of your
enemy's roar in the midst of your meeting place they set up their banners
meeting place they set up their banners
meeting place they set up their banners for signs they seem like men who lift up
for signs they seem like men who lift up
for signs they seem like men who lift up axes among the thick trees and now they
axes among the thick trees and now they
axes among the thick trees and now they break down it's carved work all at once
break down it's carved work all at once
break down it's carved work all at once with axes and hammers they have set fire
with axes and hammers they have set fire
with axes and hammers they have set fire to your sanctuary they have defiled the
to your sanctuary they have defiled the
to your sanctuary they have defiled the dwelling place of your name to the
dwelling place of your name to the
dwelling place of your name to the ground they said in their hearts let us
ground they said in their hearts let us
ground they said in their hearts let us destroy them altogether they have burned
destroy them altogether they have burned
destroy them altogether they have burned up all the meeting places of God in the
up all the meeting places of God in the
up all the meeting places of God in the land we do not see our signs there is no
land we do not see our signs there is no
land we do not see our signs there is no longer any profit nor is there any among
longer any profit nor is there any among
longer any profit nor is there any among us who knows how long oh God how long
us who knows how long oh God how long
us who knows how long oh God how long will the adversary reproach will the
will the adversary reproach will the
will the adversary reproach will the enemy blaspheme your name forever
enemy blaspheme your name forever
enemy blaspheme your name forever why do you withdraw your hand
why do you withdraw your hand
why do you withdraw your hand even your right hand take it out of your
even your right hand take it out of your
even your right hand take it out of your bosom and destroy them
bosom and destroy them
bosom and destroy them for God is my king from of old working
for God is my king from of old working
for God is my king from of old working salvation in the midst of the earth you
salvation in the midst of the earth you
salvation in the midst of the earth you divided the sea by your strength
divided the sea by your strength
divided the sea by your strength you broke the heads of the sea serpents
you broke the heads of the sea serpents
you broke the heads of the sea serpents in the waters
in the waters
in the waters you broke the heads of Leviathan in
you broke the heads of Leviathan in
you broke the heads of Leviathan in pieces and gave him his food to the
pieces and gave him his food to the
pieces and gave him his food to the people inhabited world Ernest you broke
people inhabited world Ernest you broke
people inhabited world Ernest you broke open the fountain and the flood you
open the fountain and the flood you
open the fountain and the flood you dried up mighty rivers the day is yours
dried up mighty rivers the day is yours
dried up mighty rivers the day is yours the night also is yours you have
the night also is yours you have
the night also is yours you have prepared the lights and the Sun you have
prepared the lights and the Sun you have
prepared the lights and the Sun you have set all the borders of the earth you
set all the borders of the earth you
set all the borders of the earth you have made summer and winter remember
have made summer and winter remember
have made summer and winter remember this that the enemy has reproach to Lord
this that the enemy has reproach to Lord
this that the enemy has reproach to Lord and that a foolish people has blaspheme
and that a foolish people has blaspheme
and that a foolish people has blaspheme to your name oh do not deliver the life
to your name oh do not deliver the life
to your name oh do not deliver the life of your Turtledove to the wild beasts do
of your Turtledove to the wild beasts do
of your Turtledove to the wild beasts do not forget the life of your poor forever
not forget the life of your poor forever
not forget the life of your poor forever have respect to the Covenant for the
have respect to the Covenant for the
have respect to the Covenant for the dark places of the earth are full of the
dark places of the earth are full of the
dark places of the earth are full of the haunts of cruelty oh do not let the
haunts of cruelty oh do not let the
haunts of cruelty oh do not let the oppressed return ashamed
oppressed return ashamed
oppressed return ashamed let the poor and needy praise your name
let the poor and needy praise your name
let the poor and needy praise your name arise O God plead your own cause
arise O God plead your own cause
arise O God plead your own cause remember how the foolish man reproaches
remember how the foolish man reproaches
remember how the foolish man reproaches you daily do not forget the voice of
you daily do not forget the voice of
you daily do not forget the voice of your enemies the tumult of those who
your enemies the tumult of those who
your enemies the tumult of those who rise up against you increases
rise up against you increases
rise up against you increases continually